_pages/research.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /research/
nav: true
nav_order: 4
horizontal: false
---

## Publications

The definitive list can be found on ORCID: [https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1365-1908](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1365-1908). I also maintain two astronomy data service (ADS) libraries with my **[first author papers](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/#/public-libraries/SzI6nJuHTRuOsUm8dejD-Q)** and **[all my papers](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/#/public-libraries/699B06FhTXeD-hhNZN-mbQ)**.

## Talks & posters

Clicking on the talk or poster titles will take you to PDF files of the slides or poster.

### Talks

Date | Title | Where?
---|---|---
19/07/2021 | <a href="talks/20210719NAM.pdf">How much solar wind comes from active regions?</a> | National Astronomy Meeting
27/04/2021 | <a href="talks/20210427PSPscholars.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | 1st Parker Solar Probe Scholars meeting
14/07/2020 | <a href="talks/20200731UKSP.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | UK Solar Physics 2020 Discussion Meeting
14/07/2020 | <a href="talks/20200714PSPSourcesWG.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | PSP Sources and Switchbacks Working Group
13/01/2020 | <a href="talks/20200113StAndrews.pdf">Directly comparing coronal and solar wind composition</a> | 3rd UK Solar Orbiter Meeting
11/10/2019 | <a href="talks/20191011SWA.pdf">Protons and Alphas at 0.3 AU</a> | SWA team meeting
03/06/2019 | <a href="talks/20190705NAM.pdf">Solar wind origins from in-situ measurements</a> | National Astronomy Meeting 2019
03/06/2019 | <a href="talks/20190604SolO.pdf">Solar wind origins from in-situ measurements inside 1 AU</a> | Solar Orbiter London Workshop
30/10/2018 | <a href="talks/181030IRAP.pdf">Preparing to re-visit the inner heliosphere</a> | IRAP seminar
17/09/2018 | <a href="talks/180917MSSL.pdf">Preparing to re-visit the inner heliosphere</a> | MSSL Plasma seminar
20/06/2018 | <a href="talks/180620SW.pdf">Using temperature anisotropy as an in-situ diagnostic for solar wind origin</a> | Solar Wind 15
10/10/2017 | <a href="talks/171010RASOrbiter.pdf">In situ properties of the slow solar wind at 0.3 AU</a> | RAS specialist discussion meeting
24/04/2017 | <a href="talks/170424Berkeley.pdf">What scatters the electron strahl in the solar wind?</a> | Berkeley Plasma seminar
29/03/2017 | <a href="talks/170329MSSL.pdf">What scatters the electron strahl in the solar wind?</a> | MSSL Plasma seminar

## Posters

<table border="1px solid black" style="border-collapse:collapse">
 <tr>
   <th align='left'>Year</th>
   <th>Meeting</th>
   <th>Title</th>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2018</td>
   <td>SHINE 2018</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2018SHINE.pdf">
      Using proton temperature anisotropy as an in-situ diagnostic for solar wind origin
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2018</td>
   <td>Solar Wind 15</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2018SW15.pdf">
      A new inner heliosphere proton core dataset from the Helios mission
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>Autumn MIST</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017MIST.pdf">
      Determining the origin of number density structures in the slow solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>PSP/SO science working group</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017Washington.pdf">
      Determining the origin of number density structures in the slow solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>7th Solar Orbiter workshop</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017Granada.pdf">
      Determining experimental plasma wave dispersion relations in the solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Add intro to research page

_pages/research.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /research/
nav: true
nav_order: 4
horizontal: false
---
From 2015 - 2021 I led research into the atmoshphere of the Sun, also called the solar wind.
This page lists some of the outputs of my research.

## Publications

The definitive list can be found on ORCID: [https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1365-1908](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1365-1908). I also maintain two astronomy data service (ADS) libraries with my **[first author papers](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/#/public-libraries/SzI6nJuHTRuOsUm8dejD-Q)** and **[all my papers](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/#/public-libraries/699B06FhTXeD-hhNZN-mbQ)**.

## Talks & posters

Clicking on the talk or poster titles will take you to PDF files of the slides or poster.

### Talks

Date | Title | Where?
---|---|---
19/07/2021 | <a href="talks/20210719NAM.pdf">How much solar wind comes from active regions?</a> | National Astronomy Meeting
27/04/2021 | <a href="talks/20210427PSPscholars.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | 1st Parker Solar Probe Scholars meeting
14/07/2020 | <a href="talks/20200731UKSP.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | UK Solar Physics 2020 Discussion Meeting
14/07/2020 | <a href="talks/20200714PSPSourcesWG.pdf">Sensitivity of solar wind mass flux to coronal temperature</a> | PSP Sources and Switchbacks Working Group
13/01/2020 | <a href="talks/20200113StAndrews.pdf">Directly comparing coronal and solar wind composition</a> | 3rd UK Solar Orbiter Meeting
11/10/2019 | <a href="talks/20191011SWA.pdf">Protons and Alphas at 0.3 AU</a> | SWA team meeting
03/06/2019 | <a href="talks/20190705NAM.pdf">Solar wind origins from in-situ measurements</a> | National Astronomy Meeting 2019
03/06/2019 | <a href="talks/20190604SolO.pdf">Solar wind origins from in-situ measurements inside 1 AU</a> | Solar Orbiter London Workshop
30/10/2018 | <a href="talks/181030IRAP.pdf">Preparing to re-visit the inner heliosphere</a> | IRAP seminar
17/09/2018 | <a href="talks/180917MSSL.pdf">Preparing to re-visit the inner heliosphere</a> | MSSL Plasma seminar
20/06/2018 | <a href="talks/180620SW.pdf">Using temperature anisotropy as an in-situ diagnostic for solar wind origin</a> | Solar Wind 15
10/10/2017 | <a href="talks/171010RASOrbiter.pdf">In situ properties of the slow solar wind at 0.3 AU</a> | RAS specialist discussion meeting
24/04/2017 | <a href="talks/170424Berkeley.pdf">What scatters the electron strahl in the solar wind?</a> | Berkeley Plasma seminar
29/03/2017 | <a href="talks/170329MSSL.pdf">What scatters the electron strahl in the solar wind?</a> | MSSL Plasma seminar

## Posters

<table border="1px solid black" style="border-collapse:collapse">
 <tr>
   <th align='left'>Year</th>
   <th>Meeting</th>
   <th>Title</th>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2018</td>
   <td>SHINE 2018</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2018SHINE.pdf">
      Using proton temperature anisotropy as an in-situ diagnostic for solar wind origin
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2018</td>
   <td>Solar Wind 15</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2018SW15.pdf">
      A new inner heliosphere proton core dataset from the Helios mission
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>Autumn MIST</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017MIST.pdf">
      Determining the origin of number density structures in the slow solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>PSP/SO science working group</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017Washington.pdf">
      Determining the origin of number density structures in the slow solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>

 <tr>
   <td>2017</td>
   <td>7th Solar Orbiter workshop</td>
   <td><a href="posters/2017Granada.pdf">
      Determining experimental plasma wave dispersion relations in the solar wind
    </a></td>
 </tr>
</table>
